all right so what do we have to wear
there Sean oh we got my name is Steve
Schmidt call sign is bull and I'm a
senior experimental test pilot for the
Boeing Company here in st. Louis
Missouri morning gentlemen
how we doing you're all ready to go
taking the plane out on its first flight
so I'm going to take off and go up high
and fast
tying slow low and fast low and slow in
all different parts of the envelope and
subject you're playing two different
temperatures the vibration of the noise
that it's supposed to operating morning
gentlemen think from an early age I was
always fascinated by airplanes I started
flying initially for the Navy back you
know 1984 figure it up over 400 first
flights I've done on different kinds of
airplanes and during the course of my
career
they'll be flying an f-18 this morning
it's a very cool airplane it's very easy
to fly designed to be that way designed
to be basically carefree and let the
pilot concentrate on employing his
weapons which is the main goal of the
year employment usually a first flight
lasts about an hour 15 to 20 minutes in
the burner off the brakes to good swings
we are rolling good motors good hides
your speed semi-regular you very nice
over there that first week 200 rotate
and I'm going to go out and turn
everything on and make sure everything's
working the way it's supposed to the
airplane flies like we designed it to
point 90 marks they're supersonic no
time and left twenty five thirty five
five three runway three zero right clear
if the optional in two two zero three
five three is cleared after thirty right
so beautiful it's the culmination and
only the ultimate quality check we have
for our product before we turn it over
the customer we want to make sure that
it's the plane we told them we were
going to build for them and everything
is working correctly I'm fully aware I
have one of the best jobs in the company
and hopefully I get to continue it for a
while longer